Sourcegraph 4.0 launch blogs (#5623)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/2022/code-intelligence-platform.md

- "I need to debug an issue in code. Don't just let me navigate within the same project to understand it. Let me see what changed and why, and trace calls across projects and dependencies."
- "I need to see how my team's API is being used. Don't just show me a list of file locations. Show me which other teams are using it and the trend of usage over time, grouped by usage pattern."
- "I need to fix something across my entire codebase? Don't just help me find the spots that need fixing. Let me push up a quick fix to all affected repositories, tracks its progress, and monitor for regressions."

Code search isn't enough to answer these kinds of questions, because code search doesn't know all the other necessary information about code. Code search just helps you find matching lines in code, and that's not enough anymore as code complexity keeps growing quickly.

Remember how Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages) to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers) by connecting data like news, videos, and maps back to web search? Today, you go to Google to answer complex questions and learn things, not to find things.

> We're making the same kind of leap. We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, and now we're hard at work making Sourcegraph even smarter. [Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/sourcegraph-4.0) is the first step toward Sourcegraph becoming a code intelligence platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're making the same kind of leap. We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, and now we're hard at work making Sourcegraph even smarter. [Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/release/4.0) is the first step toward Sourcegraph becoming a code intelligence platform.
```

> We're making the same kind of leap. We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, and now we're hard at work making Sourcegraph even smarter. [Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/sourcegraph-4.0) is the first step toward Sourcegraph becoming a code intelligence platform.

Reviewer 2: Noticed this in the post, looked unprofessional to use `^` instead of superscript.
```suggestion
We're making the same kind of leap. We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10<sup>11</sup> lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, and now we're hard at work making Sourcegraph even smarter. [Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/sourcegraph-4.0) is the first step toward Sourcegraph becoming a code intelligence platform.
```

---
title: "From code search to a code intelligence platform"
publishDate: 2022-09-27T10:00-07:00
description: "Sourcegraph is starting to go beyond just code search, which helps you find matching lines in code. We want to help you find answers in code, and we call this code intelligence."
tags: [blog]
slug: "code-search-to-code-intelligence"
published: true
heroImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/to-code-intelligence.png
socialImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/to-code-intelligence.png
authors:
  - name: Quinn Slack
    url: https://slack.org

---

Code search helps you find *matching lines in code*. That helps, but it's often not enough, especially as your codebase gets more complex. You need to know who wrote that code, or the top usage patterns of a function, or which repositories use it, etc. Sourcegraph will increasingly help you find these kinds of *answers* in code&mdash;and in metadata from all your dev tools that know stuff about code.

> We call this a code intelligence platform (motto: *"answers, not just matching lines"*), and you can see [Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/enterprise-cloud) taking the first steps toward that vision, beyond just code search.

Reviewer 3: oops, nope

- "I need to see how my team's API is being used. Don't just show me a list of file locations. Show me which other teams are using it and the trend of usage over time, grouped by usage pattern."
- "I need to fix something across my entire codebase? Don't just help me find the spots that need fixing. Let me push up a quick fix to all affected repositories, tracks its progress, and monitor for regressions."

Code search isn't enough to answer these kinds of questions, because code search doesn't know all the other necessary information about code. Code search just helps you find matching lines in code. TODO sqs - (thats why we are calling it ...)

We added [Code Insights](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_insights) to let devs track trends over time, [Batch Changes](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/batch_changes) to let devs make large-scale code changes across many repositories, and more. These crucial primitives helped, but we still needed to teach Sourcegraph much more about code and its associated metadata.

> Remember how Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages) to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers) by connecting data like news, videos, and maps back to web search? Today, you go to Google to answer complex questions and learn things, not to find things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember how Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages) to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers) by connecting data like news, videos, and maps back to web search? Today, you go to Google to answer complex questions and learn things, not to find things.

We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, and we're hard at work making Sourcegraph even smarter. 

Today, we're releasing [Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/release/4.0). Sourcegraph 4.0 is the first step toward Sourcegraph becoming a code intelligence platform, and is available today. The release includes over a dozen updates and new features that make answering questions *about* code as easy as searching for matching lines *in* code. 

Today, we're also launching [Sourcegraph Cloud:](/blog/enterprise-cloud) secure, scalable, dedicated Sourcegraph instances on the cloud. Sourcegraph Cloud is the best way to start using Sourcegraph on your organization's code. [Sign up now](https://signup.sourcegraph.com/).
```

Alternative order for the conclusion

Reviewer: The post would end here if you go this route.

Reviewer 4: I'd delete the "Today," in the last paragraph here if this is the way things go.

Reviewer 3: thx

And that brings us to Sourcegraph 4.0. ... TODO ... We're making the same kind of leap, from a code search tool to a code intelligence platform. If we do our job well, Sourcegraph's code intelligence platform will free up so much time and brainpower for devs everywhere so that software progress can continue.

> We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, and now we're hard at work making Sourcegraph even smarter. [Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/enterprise-cloud) is the first step toward Sourcegraph becoming a code intelligence platform, with smart search aggregations to quickly answer questions about usage patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, and now we're hard at work making Sourcegraph even smarter. 

[Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/release/4.0) is the first step toward Sourcegraph becoming a code intelligence platform, and is available today. Sourcegraph 4.0 includes over a dozen updates and new features that make answering questions *about* code as easy as searching for matching lines *in* code. 

Today, we're also launching [Sourcegraph Cloud:](/blog/enterprise-cloud) secure, scalable, dedicated Sourcegraph instances on the cloud. Sourcegraph Cloud is the best way to start using Sourcegraph on your organization's code. [Sign up now](https://signup.sourcegraph.com/).

```

But continual progress isn't a given, for dev tools or software itself. No fundamental law of nature says that software gets better each year.

To maintain the rate of software progress, we're going to need a continuous drip of new dev tools on the order of Git, Docker, ubiquitous unit testing, VS Code, Chrome DevTools, Go, TypeScript, etc.

So, which new dev tools will clear the way for future software progress? It's instructive to look to the companies on the frontier of dev tooling to see what they're doing.

#### Companies on the frontier of dev tooling

In dev tools, unlike most fields, the best ideas come from big companies. {/* Other fields are different. Salesforce didn't innovate in CRM by looking at big companies' custom-built CRMs. Etc. Send me more good examples that you can think of. */}

Google, Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Stripe, and others have widespread early adoption and tight integration of all the obvious dev tooling (with team-by-team exceptions, of course). There are many examples where these companies were early adopters of dev tooling or practices that are now widespread:

> * [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2015/04/borg-predecessor-to-kubernetes/), [code review](https://storage.googleapis.com/pub-tools-public-publication-data/pdf/80735342aebcbfc8af4878373f842c25323cb985.pdf), and [many more examples from Google](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/ex-googler-guide-dev-tools).

Reviewer 5: Should be a relative link:

```suggestion
* [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2015/04/borg-predecessor-to-kubernetes/), [code review](https://storage.googleapis.com/pub-tools-public-publication-data/pdf/80735342aebcbfc8af4878373f842c25323cb985.pdf), and [many more examples from Google](/blog/ex-googler-guide-dev-tools).
```

TODO - say what a code intelligence platform is concretely

{/* We added [Code Insights](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_insights) to let devs track trends over time, [Batch Changes](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/batch_changes) to let devs make large-scale code changes across many repositories, and more. These crucial primitives helped, but we still needed to teach Sourcegraph much more about code and its associated metadata. */}

Code search isn't enough to answer these kinds of questions, because code search just helps you find matching lines in code.

Remember how Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages) to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers) by connecting data like news, videos, and maps back to web search? Today, you go to Google to answer complex questions and learn things, not to find things.

And that brings us to Sourcegraph 4.0. ... TODO ... We're making the same kind of leap, from a code search tool to a code intelligence platform. If we do our job well, Sourcegraph's code intelligence platform will free up so much time and brainpower for devs everywhere so that software progress can continue.

> We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, and now we're hard at work making Sourcegraph even smarter. [Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/sourcegraph-4.0) is the first step toward Sourcegraph becoming a code intelligence platform, with smart search aggregations to quickly answer questions about usage patterns.

Reviewer 5: Link fix:
```suggestion
We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, and now we're hard at work making Sourcegraph even smarter. [Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/enterprise-cloud) is the first step toward Sourcegraph becoming a code intelligence platform, with smart search aggregations to quickly answer questions about usage patterns.
```

---
title: "From code search to a code intelligence platform"
publishDate: 2022-09-27T10:00-07:00
description: "Sourcegraph is starting to go beyond just code search, which helps you find matching lines in code. We want to help you find answers in code, and we call this code intelligence."
tags: [blog]
slug: "code-search-to-code-intelligence"
published: true
heroImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/to-code-intelligence.png
socialImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/to-code-intelligence.png
authors:
  - name: Quinn Slack
    url: https://slack.org

---

Code search helps you find *matching lines in code*. That helps, but it's often not enough, especially as your codebase gets more complex. Sometimes you need to know who wrote that code, or the top usage patterns of a function, or which repositories use it, etc. {/* I limited this to things Sourcegraph 4.0 does. There's a lot of awesome stuff we can do in the future, but I wanted to stay grounded in the present here. */}  Sourcegraph will increasingly help you find these kinds of *answers* in code&mdash;and in metadata from all your dev tools that know stuff about code.

> We call this a code intelligence platform (motto: *"answers, not just matching lines"*), and you can see [Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/sourcegraph-4.0) taking the first steps toward that vision, beyond just code search.

Reviewer 5: Link fix:

```suggestion
We call this a code intelligence platform (motto: *"answers, not just matching lines"*), and you can see [Sourcegraph 4.0](/blog/enterprise-cloud) taking the first steps toward that vision, beyond just code search.
```

---
title: "From code search toward a code intelligence platform"
publishDate: 
description: TODO
tags: [blog]
slug: "code-search-to-code-intelligence"
published: false
heroImage: 
socialImage: 
changelogItems:
---

> > NOTE: This post is very WIP. To be edited and tightened up a lot.

Reviewer 3: TODO - feedback from @abschu at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EAXfMBidVX1WJERdtnU8x-urrjpnc-80-PoOzeQPNpw/edit

> No matter how good your other dev tools, coding is still complex. Even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, added observability, etc., coding is still complex. Higher-level languages, libraries, frameworks, cloud providers, etc., that encapsulate complexity just let you spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased, not declined, over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.

Reviewer: @sqs - Is there a way to say dev success = business success without coming across as too calculated? In the Google doc, @amieroth said  "I like what you talk about with the growing importance of devs within a company and how that's evolved in recent years." I think that line of messaging works well (and more implicitly states dev success = business success).

Author: Added 2 sections below

As consumers of software, we (mostly) benefit from this phenomenon in the form of better technology in our everyday lives.

> But as developers of software, we all feel the pain of code complexity: the struggle to understand big codebases, not being able to get in flow, encountering tech debt that turns a tiny fix into a multi-day ordeal, all the wasted time, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
But as developers of software, we all feel the pain of code complexity: the struggle to understand big codebases, not being able to get in flow, encountering tech debt that turns a tiny fix into a multi-day ordeal, all the wasted time, etc. 

On top of this, devs are more important to their companies than ever. Devs have gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, making the issue of complexity a business problem just as much as a dev problem.
```

> Code search is helpful in tackling complexity, but it's not enough. Code search is for finding things *in* code (matching lines in files). What helps you find things *about* code? Let's call it a code intelligence platform. Compared to code search, it's more helpful, more times per day. This is like how Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages), to helping you find things *from* the web (information and answers). Here are some examples `TODO: make it clear which these are available and which are future directions`:

Reviewer 3: Comment from @felixfbecker (in the [previous draft gdoc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EAXfMBidVX1WJERdtnU8x-urrjpnc-80-PoOzeQPNpw/edit#)):

> This alone doesn't really justify the name "platform" to me (making it appear to me as a dev and unfamiliar reader as a marketing buzzword without substance). A platform is something that you can build other things on top of. I think if we want to show and explain that we're becoming a code intelligence platform, we need to talk about why we're sunsetting our extension API (they didn't deliver on the platform promise, because they were UI only) and what our future vision is that is soon to come over the 4.x releases (metadata, ownership, ...).

> Maybe we can even talk about some things that are shipped in 4.0 that show that direction/vision. E.g. is the repo metadata by the search team going to be ready to be talked about? That's simple, but it clearly shows the difference between UI-only extensions and persisted data that becomes available to search queries, to the GraphQL API, code monitors, to search aggregations (also shipping in 4.0), ...

> That paints the picture of an actual "platform" to me (you can imagine how you could eventually build entire tools like coverage tracking on top of Sourcegraph by uploading the data into Sourcegraph, using it in queries, dashboards, code monitors, ...)

Author: I think there's an opportunity here to articulate that this is a platform because we are building new products and use cases on top of the core search technology.

There are different ideas around of what defines a "platform", but for us, all of our product suite is built with a hard dependency on Search technology - which is a big part of it being a platform for us.

> Code search is helpful in tackling complexity, but it's not enough. Code search is for finding things *in* code (matching lines in files). What helps you find things *about* code? Let's call it a code intelligence platform. Compared to code search, it's more helpful, more times per day. This is like how Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages), to helping you find things *from* the web (information and answers). Here are some examples `TODO: make it clear which these are available and which are future directions`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code search is helpful in tackling complexity, but it's not enough. Code search is for finding things *in* code (matching lines in files). What helps you [understand/learn] things *about* code? Let's call it a code intelligence platform. Compared to code search, it's more helpful, more times per day. This is like how Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages), to helping you [understand/learn] things *from* the web (information and answers). Here are some examples `TODO: make it clear which these are available and which are future directions`:
```

@sqs - I like the contrast of "find" vs "[understand/learn]" in addition to the contrast of "in" vs "about" code. Understanding or learning is core to code intelligence and more powerful than finding.

Author: ```suggestion
Code search is helpful in tackling complexity, but it's not enough. Code search is for finding things *in* code (matching lines in files). What helps you learn things *about* code? Let's call it a code intelligence platform. Compared to code search, it's more helpful, more times per day. This is like how Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages), to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers). Here are some examples:
```

- Trying to figure out the best way to call a function? Code search could show you a semi-exhaustive list of call sites. Code intelligence is also being able to see how the code owners of that function themselves have recently been calling that function.
- Need to debug an issue in code? Code search could help you navigate within the same project to understand it. Code intelligence is also being able to see what changed and why, and trace calls across projects and dependencies/dependents.
- Want to fix or improve something across your entire codebase? Code search might help you find where needs fixing. Code intelligence is also being able to push up a quick fix everywhere, track its progress, and monitor for regressions.
- Need to see how your team's API is being used? Code search could show you a list of file locations. Code intelligence is also seeing which other teams are using it and the trend of usage over time.

> A code intelligence platform includes code search *and* information about your code from so many other tools, etc., that you rely on: code ownership (and mapping of that to teams, on-call, etc.), code history and reviews, the dependency graph, runtime service/API usage, code and security scanners, deployment status, CI pipeline output, etc. Code hosts are too conflicted to make a good code intelligence platform because they want you to use *their* offerings in each category (and suffer vendor lock-in), but we're committed to Sourcegraph being universal so you can get full code intelligence *and* keep using the best tools in each category.

Reviewer: I don't love explicitly saying "Code hosts are too conflicted to make a good code intelligence platform because they want you to use *their* offerings in each category (and suffer vendor lock-in), but we're committed to Sourcegraph being universal so you can get full code intelligence *and* keep using the best tools in each category." While this messaging is valid and can be used elsewhere, I'd recommend keeping the blog post about Sourcegraph. We can explain why we're in the best position to be a code intelligence platform vs saying why others can't.

Author: +1, and I think cutting that and jumping straight to the context about being universal will still get that point across

Author: ```suggestion
A code intelligence platform includes code search *and* information about your code from so many other tools, etc., that you rely on: code ownership (and mapping of that to teams, on-call, etc.), code history and reviews, the dependency graph, runtime service/API usage, code and security scanners, deployment status, CI pipeline output, etc. Sourcegraph is committed to being universal so you can get full code intelligence *and* keep using the best tools in each category.
```

> Today, we're announcing Sourcegraph 4.0, the code intelligence platform for devs to unblock themselves and code better. We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, including `TODO: describe awesome customers`. `TODO: explicitly justify why we are declaring it a code intelligence platform now, rather than in the future`

Author: Do we want to name customers here, or industries? We could use the industries being mentioned in the highlights video (@amieroth )

Author: For "TODO: explicitly justify why we are declaring it a code intelligence platform now, rather than in the future":

I think this has the potential to be redundant with the section above, so it should probably be somewhat short.

"Today's Sourcegraph is no longer a point solution for search. Sourcegraph—and Sourcegraph 4.0—is a platform of tools built on top of search, enabling devs in X Y Z use cases. And, in the near future, we'll cover A B C use cases, too."

Author: ```suggestion
Today, we're announcing Sourcegraph 4.0, the code intelligence platform for devs to unblock themselves and code better. We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, including 4 of 5 FAANG companies and 4 of the top 10 U.S. banks. 

Sourcegraph has lots to do to build our future vision of a code intelligence platform, and we're already on our way. Our newest developments—specifically, Code Insights and Batch Changes—have solidly moved Sourcegraph _beyond_ code search, and today, we're ready to call Sourcegraph a code intelligence platform.

> Sourcegraph 4.0 is available on Cloud (secure, dedicated instances with SOC2 Type 2 compliance), custom deployments, and self-managed.

Reviewer: 4.0 marks a big evolution/departure from Sourcegraph as a self-managed product. Consider adding a sentence or two on Cloud and what this means for our customers (accessibility, ease of use, etc.)

Author: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph 4.0 is available on Cloud, custom deployments, and self-hosted. If you're new to Sourcegraph,  Sourcegraph Cloud (secure & dedicated instances) is the easiest way to get started. You can get a (30-day trial here)[www.signup.sourcegraph.com].
```

---
title: "From code search to a code intelligence platform"
publishDate: 2022-09-27T10:00-07:00
description: No matter how good your dev tools are, coding is complex. We're building a code intelligence platform to help you unblock yourself and code better.
tags: [blog]
slug: "code-search-to-code-intelligence"
published: false
heroImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/to-code-intelligence.png
socialImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/to-code-intelligence.png
---

> No matter how good your dev tools are, coding is complex. This is true even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, and added observability. Higher-level languages, libraries, and frameworks can help, but as you take on bigger and more ambitious projects, you'll likely spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.

Author: @sqs: Do you have a stat about the amount of code being written year-over-year increasing? That would add credibility to this statement.

I believe you had a stat you used at Marge, but I haven't been able to find it.

Reviewer 3: Nope. I just have what was in the Big Code survey from a couple years ago. Anything else is a guess.

> NOTE: This post is very WIP. To be edited and tightened up a lot.

No matter how good your other dev tools, coding is still complex. Even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, added observability, etc., coding is still complex. Higher-level languages, libraries, frameworks, cloud providers, etc., that encapsulate complexity just let you spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased, not declined, over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.

As consumers of software, we (mostly) benefit from this phenomenon in the form of better technology in our everyday lives.

But as developers of software, we all feel the pain of code complexity: the struggle to understand big codebases, not being able to get in flow, encountering tech debt that turns a tiny fix into a multi-day ordeal, all the wasted time, etc. 

On top of this, devs are more important to their companies than ever. Devs have gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, making the issue of complexity a business problem just as much as a dev problem.

> Code search is helpful in tackling complexity, but it's not enough. Code search is for finding things *in* code (matching lines in files). What helps you learn things *about* code? Let's call it a code intelligence platform. Compared to code search, it's more helpful, more times per day. This is like how Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages), to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers). Here are some examples:

Author: ```suggestion
Code search is helpful in tackling complexity, but it's not enough. Code search is for finding things *in* code (matching lines in files). What helps you learn things *about* code? Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages), to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers), and we're doing the same with code.

This is what we call a code intelligence platform, and compared to code search, it's more helpful, more times per day. A code intelligence platform helps devs learn and understand information about their code so they can operate more effectively, with a deeper understanding of their codebase and how it works. 

A code intelligence platform should persist data beyond the code itself and make that data accessible. Here are some examples:
```

> In 2013, we set out to tackle this complexity issue by building code search and making it available to every dev and company. Code search is helpful in reducing complexity, but it's not enough. It helps you find things *in* code (matching lines in files), but developers also need to learn things *about* code. Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages) to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers) by connecting data like news, videos, and maps back to web search. Today, you go to Google to answer complex questions and learn things, not to find things. As Sourcegraph, we're doing the same for code with our code intelligence platform.

Author: ```suggestion
In 2013, we set out to tackle this complexity issue by building code search and making it available to every dev and company. Code search is helpful in reducing complexity, but it's not enough. It helps you find things *in* code (matching lines in files), but developers also need to learn things *about* code. Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages) to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers) by connecting data like news, videos, and maps back to web search. Today, you go to Google to answer complex questions and learn things, not to find things. At Sourcegraph, we're doing the same for code with our code intelligence platform.
```

- Trying to figure out the best way to call a function? Code search could show you a semi-exhaustive list of call sites. Code intelligence is also being able to see how the code owners of that function themselves have recently been calling that function.
- Need to debug an issue in code? Code search could help you navigate within the same project to understand it. Code intelligence is also being able to see what changed and why, and trace calls across projects and dependencies/dependents.

> - Want to fix or improve something across your entire codebase? Code search might help you find where needs fixing. Code intelligence is also being able to push up a quick fix everywhere, track its progress, and monitor for regressions.

Author: ```suggestion
- Want to fix or improve something across your entire codebase? Code search might help you find where needs fixing. Code intelligence is also being able to push up a quick fix everywhere, track its progress, and monitor for regressions. Sourcegraph does this today.
```

tags: [blog]
slug: "code-search-to-code-intelligence"
published: false
heroImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/to-code-intelligence.png
socialImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/to-code-intelligence.png
---

No matter how good your dev tools are, coding is complex. This is true even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, and added observability. Tools like higher-level languages, libraries, and frameworks can help, but as you take on bigger and more ambitious projects, you'll likely spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.

As consumers of software, we (mostly) benefit from this phenomenon in the form of better technology in our everyday lives.

But as developers of software, we all feel the pain of code complexity: not being able to get in flow, encountering tech debt that turns a tiny fix into a multi-day ordeal, and all the wasted time just trying to understand big codebases.

> On top of this, devs are more important than ever. Devs have gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, so the issue of complexity is a business problem just as much as a dev problem.

Author: I was debating this as well, with the same concerns. _We_ know that it's genuine, but a reader might think it's a CEO trying to sound cool and hip to empathize with devs.

> On top of this, devs are more important than ever. Devs have gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, so the issue of complexity is a business problem just as much as a dev problem.

Author: But I do like it if it lands with people and builds that empathy. Plus the rest of the blog content hopefully proves his position as dev / being very close to dev work still.

> On top of this, devs are more important than ever. Devs have gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, so the issue of complexity is a business problem just as much as a dev problem.

Author: ```suggestion
On top of this, devs are more important than ever. We've gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, so the issue of complexity is a business problem just as much as a dev problem.
```

> In 2013, we set out to tackle this complexity issue by building code search and making it available to every dev and company. Code search is helpful in reducing complexity, but it's not enough. It helps you find things *in* code (matching lines in files), but developers also need to learn things *about* code. Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages) to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers) by connecting adjacent data like news, videos, and maps back to web search. Now, when users need information, they go to Google even if the answer isn't simply a web page. We're doing the same for code with our code intelligence platform.

Author: I don't think this undermines us at all! I was trying to do something similar but couldn't find a good way to balance out the negative connotation. I think the 2 million stats does so nicely.

> In 2013, we set out to tackle this complexity issue by building code search and making it available to every dev and company. Code search is helpful in reducing complexity, but it's not enough. It helps you find things *in* code (matching lines in files), but developers also need to learn things *about* code. Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages) to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers) by connecting adjacent data like news, videos, and maps back to web search. Now, when users need information, they go to Google even if the answer isn't simply a web page. We're doing the same for code with our code intelligence platform.

Author: ```suggestion
In 2013, we set out to tackle this complexity issue by building code search and making it available to every dev and company. Despite the fact that nearly 2 million devs use Sourcegraph, we've learned that code search is helpful in reducing complexity, but it's not enough. It helps you find things *in* code (matching lines in files), but developers also need to learn things *about* code. Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages) to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers) by connecting adjacent data like news, videos, and maps back to web search. Now, when users need information, they go to Google even if the answer isn't simply a web page. We're doing the same for code with our code intelligence platform.
```

> In 2013, we set out to tackle this complexity issue by building code search and making it available to every dev and company. Code search is helpful in reducing complexity, but it's not enough. It helps you find things *in* code (matching lines in files), but developers also need to learn things *about* code. Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages) to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers) by connecting adjacent data like news, videos, and maps back to web search. Now, when users need information, they go to Google even if the answer isn't simply a web page. We're doing the same for code with our code intelligence platform.

Author: ```suggestion
In 2013, we set out to tackle this complexity issue by building code search and making it available to every dev and company. Code search is helpful in reducing complexity, but it's not enough. It helps you find things *in* code (matching lines in files), but developers also need to learn things *about* code. Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages) to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers) by connecting data like news, videos, and maps back to web search. Today, you go to Google to answer complex questions and learn things, not to find things. As Sourcegraph, we're doing the same for code with our code intelligence platform.
```

Today, we're releasing Sourcegraph 4.0. 4.0 is a big step for Sourcegraph and our customers as we shift from a code search tool into a code intelligence platform.

> A code intelligence platform indexes and understands all of your organization's code, no matter where it's stored or what language it's in. With Sourcegraph, devs and engineering leaders have a complete understanding of their codebase, so they can learn *about* code and operate more efficiently.

Author: Alt ideas to replace that:

"devs and engineering leaders have a complete understanding of their codebase, so they can learn *about* code and answer complex/difficult questions about their codebase."
"devs and engineering leaders can learn *about* code and get a complete understanding of their codebase."
"devs and engineering leaders so learn *about* their code, answer difficult questions, and deeply understand their codebase."

> A code intelligence platform indexes and understands all of your organization's code, no matter where it's stored or what language it's in. With Sourcegraph, devs and engineering leaders have a complete understanding of their codebase, so they can learn *about* code and operate more efficiently.

Author: ```suggestion
A code intelligence platform indexes and understands all of your organization's code, no matter where it's stored or what language it's in. With Sourcegraph, devs and engineering can learn *about* code and answer difficult questions about their codebase.
```

A code intelligence platform should compute and store data beyond the code itself and make that data accessible. Sourcegraph already pulls in information on code history, repository metadata, and metrics derived from code via Code Insights. Here are some examples of what we see the platform doing in the future:

- Trying to figure out the best way to call a function? Code search shows you a semi-exhaustive list of call sites. Code intelligence is seeing how the code owners of that function themselves have recently been calling that function.

> - Need to debug an issue in code? Code search helps you navigate within the same project to understand it. Code intelligence is seeing what changed and why, and trace calls across projects and dependencies/dependents.

Author: ```suggestion
- Need to debug an issue in code? Code search helps you navigate within the same project to understand it. Code intelligence is seeing what changed and why, and tracing calls across projects and dependencies.
```

Think we can remove the "/dependents". We could alternatively work in "upstream and downstream dependencies" but I think that detail can be assumed without writing it explicity

- Need to see how your team's API is being used? Code search shows you a list of file locations. Code intelligence shows which other teams are using it and the trend of usage over time.
- Want to fix or improve something across your entire codebase? Code search helps you find the spots that need fixing. Code intelligence pushes up a quick fix everywhere, tracks its progress, and monitors for regressions. Sourcegraph already does this with Batch Changes.

> Today, we're announcing Sourcegraph 4.0, the code intelligence platform for devs to unblock themselves and code better. We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, from 4 of 5 FAANG companies and 4 of the top 10 U.S. banks, to companies launching satellites into space and the leaders in autonomous transportation. 

Author: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph 4.0 is the code intelligence platform for devs to unblock themselves and code better. We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, from 4 of 5 FAANG companies and 4 of the top 10 U.S. banks, to companies launching satellites into space and the leaders in autonomous transportation. 
```

> Sourcegraph 4.0 is available to all users now. It's available self-hosted and on our newest service, Sourcegraph Cloud, our single-tenant cloud solution that is [now generally available](/blog/enterprise-cloud). Sourcegraph Cloud provides isolated, secure instances for every customer.

Reviewer: @iskyOS - I think we need a stronger intro to Cloud (and we can probably combine this paragraph with the next paragraph). I am not feeling super creative right now, but something that conveys:
- Sourcegraph 4.0 is now available (upgrade today)
- The future of Sourcegraph is Sourcegraph Cloud (secure, single-tenant, SOC 2)
- If you're not a customer, start a trial today.

---

> title: "From code search toward a code intelligence platform"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "From code search to a code intelligence platform"
```

publishDate: 2022-09-27T10:00-07:00
description: Finding things in code is good, but learning things about code is great. Sourcegraph's code intelligence platform is built to help.
tags: [blog]
slug: "code-search-to-code-intelligence"
published: false
heroImage: 
socialImage: 
---

> No matter how good your other dev tools, coding is still complex. Even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, added observability, etc., coding is still complex. Higher-level languages, libraries, frameworks, cloud providers, etc., that encapsulate complexity just let you spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased, not declined, over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.

Reviewer 4: We say "Coding is still complex" 2x, and then "The overall complexity of code has increased" — the repetition hits the point home, but I don't think that's the way we want to take it.

Author: @amieroth Do you think the literal repetition ("coding is complex") doesn't read well, or do you not like complexity being the narrative focus for the intro?

Author: ```suggestion
No matter how good your dev tools are, coding is complex. This holds true even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, and added observability. Tools like higher-level languages, libraries, and frameworks can help, but as you take on bigger and more ambitious projects, you'll likely spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.
```

If the former, here is a suggestion with a little less repetition -

Author: No matter how good your dev tools are, coding is complex. This is true even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, and added observability. Tools like higher-level languages, libraries, and frameworks can help, but as you take on bigger and more ambitious projects, you'll likely spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.

Author: ```suggestion
No matter how good your dev tools are, coding is complex. This is true even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, and added observability. Tools like higher-level languages, libraries, and frameworks can help, but as you take on bigger and more ambitious projects, you'll likely spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.
```

> No matter how good your other dev tools, coding is still complex. Even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, added observability, etc., coding is still complex. Higher-level languages, libraries, frameworks, cloud providers, etc., that encapsulate complexity just let you spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased, not declined, over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.

Author: ```suggestion
No matter how good your dev tools are, coding is still complex. Even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, and added observability, coding is still complex. Higher-level languages, libraries, frameworks, and cloud providers may eliminate some complexity, but as you take on new projects using these tools, you'll likely spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.
```

> As consumers of software, we (mostly) benefit from this phenomenon in the form of better technology in our everyday lives.

Author: I haven't adjusted this from the V1 draft, but yes, that's how I read it - referring to code complexity, which translates to better & more powerful consumer tech.

Do you think that needs to be spelled out more directly? I'll give it a shot

> As consumers of software, we (mostly) benefit from this phenomenon in the form of better technology in our everyday lives.

Author: ```suggestion
As consumers of software, we don't see this complexity, but we do benefit from better technology in our everyday lives.
```

> As consumers of software, we (mostly) benefit from this phenomenon in the form of better technology in our everyday lives.

Author: Tried a few revisions and ended up coming back to something similar as written — I think it reads well in the context of the following sentence.

> As consumers of software, we (mostly) benefit from this phenomenon in the form of better technology in our everyday lives.

Reviewer 4: I like "As consumers of software, we (mostly) benefit from this phenomenon in the form of better technology in our everyday lives." it makes sense to me.

> But as developers of software, we all feel the pain of code complexity: the struggle to understand big codebases, not being able to get in flow, encountering tech debt that turns a tiny fix into a multi-day ordeal, all the wasted time, etc. 

Author: ```suggestion
But as developers of software, we all feel the pain of code complexity: not being able to get in flow, encountering tech debt that turns a tiny fix into a multi-day ordeal, and all the wasted time just trying to understand big codebases.
```

> On top of this, devs are more important to their companies than ever. Devs have gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, making the issue of complexity a business problem just as much as a dev problem.

Author: ```suggestion
On top of this, devs are more important to their companies than ever. Devs have gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, so the issue of complexity is a business problem just as much as a dev problem.
```

> On top of this, devs are more important to their companies than ever. Devs have gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, so the issue of complexity is a business problem just as much as a dev problem.

Reviewer 4: Devil's advocate, but would Quinn say "innovation"? It's a big buzz word. Could we say "Center of product" or "center of the business" orrrr something less overdone and more to the point.

> On top of this, devs are more important to their companies than ever. Devs have gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, so the issue of complexity is a business problem just as much as a dev problem.

Reviewer: Good point, Amie. Center of product development is probably better.

> On top of this, devs are more important to their companies than ever. Devs have gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, so the issue of complexity is a business problem just as much as a dev problem.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
On top of this, devs are more important than ever. Devs have gone from being viewed as cost centers to being seen as the center of product development, so the issue of complexity is a business problem just as much as a dev problem.
```

Reviewer 6: Fine to cut the whole phrase or just the word "their" but it seems odd tonally to me to say to an audience of presumably devs and dev leaders "you're all important to your companies" – seems more like consulting-y, non-dev speak to me to say that. Imagining myself addressing or being in the audience of devs in person and someone says "you devs are important to your companies" sounds too company-focused IMO.

> Code search is helpful in tackling complexity, but it's not enough. Code search is for finding things *in* code (matching lines in files). What helps you learn things *about* code? Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages), to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers), and we're doing the same with code.

Author: I agree with your edits to lead in with our history. I think we need to talk more about adjacent data & code-related metadata in the CIP definition though — the definition above still sounds like code search to me.

> Code search is helpful in tackling complexity, but it's not enough. Code search is for finding things *in* code (matching lines in files). What helps you learn things *about* code? Google went from helping you find things *on* the web (matching web pages), to helping you learn things *from* the web (information and answers), and we're doing the same with code.

Reviewer 6: Agree IMO the google analogy needs more detail or should be swapped. Perhaps noting that Google went from just searching web pages to connecting other information (maps, news, mail/email, data, docs) so now when you need information, even if the answer isn't just a website page, you go to google.

> This is what we call a code intelligence platform, and compared to code search, it's more helpful, more times per day. A code intelligence platform helps devs learn and understand information about their code so they can operate more effectively, with a deeper understanding of their codebase and how it works. 

Author: ```suggestion
This is what we call a code intelligence platform, and compared to code search, it's more helpful, more times per day. **A code intelligence platform helps devs learn and understand information about their code so they can operate more effectively, with a deeper understanding of their codebase and how it works.** 
```

> A code intelligence platform should persist data beyond the code itself and make that data accessible. Here are some examples:

Author: ```suggestion
A code intelligence platform should persist data beyond the code itself and make that data accessible. Here are some examples of what we see the platform doing in the future:
```

> A code intelligence platform should persist data beyond the code itself and make that data accessible. Here are some examples of what we see the platform doing in the future:

Reviewer 4: What does "persist data beyond the code itself" mean?

Reviewer 6: we could rephrase as "store data beyond the code itself" or even "compute and store data beyond the code itself" (I assume as used here it means we don't just have your code, we have code insights trackers, and batch change burndown charts, and future dependency graphs and ownership signals, and CI job outputs, and test coverage, and so on – all data that we created and/or save rather than pull from other systems, like the code host)

Author: ```suggestion
A code intelligence platform should compute and store data beyond the code itself and make that data accessible. Here are some examples of what we see the platform doing in the future:
```

- Trying to figure out the best way to call a function? Code search could show you a semi-exhaustive list of call sites. Code intelligence is also being able to see how the code owners of that function themselves have recently been calling that function.
- Need to debug an issue in code? Code search could help you navigate within the same project to understand it. Code intelligence is also being able to see what changed and why, and trace calls across projects and dependencies/dependents.
- Want to fix or improve something across your entire codebase? Code search might help you find where needs fixing. Code intelligence is also being able to push up a quick fix everywhere, track its progress, and monitor for regressions. Sourcegraph does this today.
- Need to see how your team's API is being used? Code search could show you a list of file locations. Code intelligence is also seeing which other teams are using it and the trend of usage over time.

> A code intelligence platform includes code search *and* information about your code from so many other tools, etc., that you rely on: code ownership (and mapping of that to teams, on-call, etc.), code history and reviews, the dependency graph, runtime service/API usage, code and security scanners, deployment status, CI pipeline output, etc. Sourcegraph is committed to being universal so you can get full code intelligence *and* keep using the best tools in each category.

Reviewer: Don't say etc. - instead, elaborate what we pull in information from. 

I also think we should be clear about what is on our roadmap and what is hypothetical.

Author: ```suggestion
A code intelligence platform includes code search *and* information about your code from so many other tools that you rely on. Today, Sourcegaph pulls in information on code history, the dependency graph, and repository metadata. 
```

Reviewer 4: Can you go back through this and delete every "also" and get right to the active part of the sentence? Can say it like "Code intelligence means you can now see how the code owners of that function themselves have recently been calling that function."

Reviewer 6: > I also think we should be clear about what is on our roadmap and what is hypothetical.

Non-answer: we're still forming that FY24 roadmap, and should be wary of committing to any dates or defined features. That said, these are all ideas on our roadmap and at some point in time we may do all of them (may be infinite in the future point in time, of course), so they are all on the roadmap if you extended the roadmap 10 years. 

Up to others what we want to share given that constraint.

> Today, we're announcing Sourcegraph 4.0, the code intelligence platform for devs to unblock themselves and code better. We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, including 4 of 5 FAANG companies and 4 of the top 10 U.S. banks. 

Reviewer: Demanding? Leading? Strongest? Most advanced?

Author: @amieroth How do you feel about how we describe these? Should we add specific customers?

Reviewer 4: A couple things: 
- Let's say: "for the world's most demanding software teams, from 4 of 5 FAANG companies and 4 of the top 10 U.S. banks, to companies launching satellites into space and the leaders in autonomous transportation."
- We wait a long time before getting to the 4.0 part of this, which is the "why now"... can we work in a brief mention of 4.0 in the first paragraph, and then get philosophical, and then get into the stuff here? 
- Also pet peeve, and I know this is a Quinn line, but "code better" doesn't sound like proper English. Can we say "write better code"? Tell me if I'm wrong here if this is standard talk.

Author: I don't really like the sound of "code better" either but I think "code better" and "write better code" have different meanings. "Code better" is about being better enabled to write code / be in flow. "Write better code" implies that code quality needs to get better.

> Sourcegraph has lots to do to build our future vision of a code intelligence platform, and we're already on our way. Our newest developments—specifically, Code Insights and Batch Changes—have solidly moved Sourcegraph _beyond_ code search, and today, we're ready to call Sourcegraph a code intelligence platform.

Reviewer: This feels a bit like an afterthought - would it work to incorporate this above when we talk about what Sourcegraph is as a code intelligence platform?

Author: yeah - removing - and will try to fit in (in different words) in sections above

> Sourcegraph 4.0 is available on Cloud, custom deployments, and self-hosted. If you're new to Sourcegraph,  Sourcegraph Cloud (secure & dedicated instances) is the easiest way to get started. You can get a [30-day trial here](www.signup.sourcegraph.com).

Reviewer: I think we should also introduce Cloud a bit more here as something new.

Author: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph 4.0 is available to all users now. It's also available on our newest service, Sourcegraph Cloud, our single-tenant Cloud solution that is [now generally available](about.sourcegraph.com/blog/enterprise-cloud). Sourcegraph Cloud provides isolated, secure instances for every customer.

If you're already using Sourcegraph, you can [upgrade to 4.0 today](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/updates). If you're new to Sourcegraph, Sourcegraph Cloud is the easiest way to get started. You can get a [30-day trial here](www.signup.sourcegraph.com).
```

Reviewer 4: We can link to the Cloud blog in here as well.

---
title: "From code search to a code intelligence platform"
publishDate: 2022-09-27T10:00-07:00
description: Finding things in code is good, but learning things about code is great. Sourcegraph's code intelligence platform is built to help.
tags: [blog]
slug: "code-search-to-code-intelligence"
published: false

> heroImage: 
> socialImage: 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
heroImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/to-code-intelligence.png
socialImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/to-code-intelligence.png
```

---

> No matter how good your dev tools are, coding is complex. This is true even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, and added observability. Tools like higher-level languages, libraries, and frameworks can help, but as you take on bigger and more ambitious projects, you'll likely spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.

Author: Double checked with some devs and got mixed reaction — mostly have no problem saying "tools" except for when referring to languages

```suggestion
No matter how good your dev tools are, coding is complex. This is true even if you've configured your editor just right, sped up your test suite, set up continuous deployment, and added observability. Higher-level languages, libraries, and frameworks can help, but as you take on bigger and more ambitious projects, you'll likely spend your complexity budget elsewhere. The overall complexity of code has increased over time, and there's no sign of that trend changing.
```

A code intelligence platform includes code search *and* information about your code from so many other tools, etc., that you rely on: code ownership (and mapping of that to teams, on-call, etc.), code history and reviews, the dependency graph, runtime service/API usage, code and security scanners, deployment status, CI pipeline output, etc. Sourcegraph is committed to being universal so you can get full code intelligence *and* keep using the best tools in each category.

Today, we're announcing Sourcegraph 4.0, the code intelligence platform for devs to unblock themselves and code better. We've spent 9 years building the underlying foundation of code search to be fast, secure, and scalable across ~10^11 lines of code for the world's most demanding software teams, including 4 of 5 FAANG companies and 4 of the top 10 U.S. banks. 

Sourcegraph has lots to do to build our future vision of a code intelligence platform, and we're already on our way. Our newest developments—specifically, Code Insights and Batch Changes—have solidly moved Sourcegraph _beyond_ code search, and today, we're ready to call Sourcegraph a code intelligence platform.

> Sourcegraph 4.0 is available to all users now. It's also available on our newest service, Sourcegraph Cloud, our single-tenant Cloud solution that is [now generally available](/blog/enterprise-cloud). Sourcegraph Cloud provides isolated, secure instances for every customer.

Author: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph 4.0 is available to all users now. It's also available on our newest service, Sourcegraph Cloud, our single-tenant cloud solution that is [now generally available](/blog/enterprise-cloud). Sourcegraph Cloud provides isolated, secure instances for every customer.
```

> Sourcegraph 4.0 is available to all users now. It's also available on our newest service, Sourcegraph Cloud, our single-tenant Cloud solution that is [now generally available](about.sourcegraph.com/blog/enterprise-cloud). Sourcegraph Cloud provides isolated, secure instances for every customer.

Reviewer 5: URL should be relative:

```suggestion
Sourcegraph 4.0 is available to all users now. It's also available on our newest service, Sourcegraph Cloud, our single-tenant Cloud solution that is [now generally available](/blog/enterprise-cloud). Sourcegraph Cloud provides isolated, secure instances for every customer.
```

> If you're already using Sourcegraph, you can [upgrade to 4.0 today](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/updates). If you're new to Sourcegraph, Sourcegraph Cloud is the easiest way to get started. You can get a [30-day trial here](www.signup.sourcegraph.com).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
If you're already using Sourcegraph, you can [upgrade to 4.0 today](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/updates). If you're new to Sourcegraph, Sourcegraph Cloud is the easiest way to get started. You can get a [30-day trial here](https://signup.sourcegraph.com).
```
